Contextual information. (#25)
jatkinson1000/versionable-papers: docs/ChangingLandscape.md

# Context: The Changing Landscape of Research

> The traditional approach to undergoing research and publishing the results has changed little in the last century. Papers are still generally written to submit to a paper journal, albeit often as an online PDF nowadays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The traditional approach to undergoing research and publishing the results has changed little in the last century. Papers are still generally written to submit to an academic journal, albeit as a PDF nowadays.
```

But, over the past 10 years or so, the nature of research has changed:

> * More results are published openly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* More data, code, and results are published openly.
```

* Better software tools are available. For example, CI/CD (continuous integration/continuous deployment), modern version control tools, updated programming languages, and containerisation, to name but a few.

> * Datasets and code are continually being updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Datasets and code are continually being updated *at a single location* - version control, data repositories/collections.
```

* As a consequence, results are continually being refined and enhanced.

> The model we propose here seeks to lever the advantage of the above points into the publication process. A form of "continuous publication", if you will. The idea being that updated results automatically result in an updated paper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model we propose brings the above points into the publication process. A form of "continuous publication", if you will. The idea being that updated results automatically result in an updated paper.
```
